# PAD

Pictorial four-term analogies, also known as proportional or propositional analogies, have a simple form “A:B::C:D?”. The very relation linking A and B needs to also apply to C and D. For example, for the analogy orange:juice::cow:milk, the relation is the origin of a product. Object D (milk) should be selected from a set of possible responses.

To complete the task, the reasoner has to first identify the relation between A and B and then analyze C, to finally select such a D that satisfies the relation between the A-B pair.

Response options included: the correct answer, the relational distractor to the correct response, the semantic distractor related to B, the categorical distractor related to B, the perceptual distractor related to B, the semantic distractor related to C, the categorical distractor related to C, the perceptual distractor related to C. The perceptual distractor was defined as an object that shares similar shape and colour as B/C (e.g., red ball and red tomato). Its selection was interpreted as following basic featural similarity between the objects, and a very shallow processing of the analogy. The categorical distractor was defined as an object that belongs to the same category and has a similar (but not identical) shape or colour as B/C (e.g., green bush and olive tree); in this case, the perceptual similarity was weaker than for the perceptual distractor, and the choice of the categorical distractor might suggest some rudimentary conceptual process. The semantic distractor was an object associated with B/C in terms of a shared domain, function, or occurrence (e.g., a fish and a fishing rod). This type of distractor, when selected, indicated elaborated search of the semantic memory, beyond sheer perceptual or categorical match. The relational distractor was defined as an object that could potentially constitute an argument for the relational role in a given analogy, but not when the specific object (C) played the role of agent. Therefore, relational distractors suggested that the target relation was identified to some extent, but the mapping had not been completed or selection had been disturbed at the very last stage.